Education
	University of Massachusetts Lowell, Lowell Ma
	Major Computer Science 2018 - present
	Minor: Mathematics
	MassBay Community College, Wellesley, MA
	Computer Science concentration, 2016-2018
	Relevant Coursework: Java Programming 1 & 2, Data Structures and Algorithms in Java, Software Design in javafx,
	                     Cisco CCNA 1, Calculus 1 & 2, Engineering Physics I & II, Lyx & Laytek
	Activities: Computer Club, STEM Mentor Program
TECHNICAL SKILLS
     Programming Languages: Java, JavaScript
     Proficient in Microsoft office: MS word, MS PowerPoint, MS Excel, MS Access
     Online Research: Social Media: Facebook Instagram Twitter
ACADEMIC PROJECTS
    Raspberry Pi AIY Google Home Assistant- Individual project with the intention of creating a google home assistant that
        is able to respond to a specific command or answer a particular question. Assembled and programmed in unex .
    National Science Foundation (NSF) M-STEM Scholar (spring 2018):
        One of fourteen NSF M-STEM scholars selected from a pool of 800+ MassBay STEM students for high academic achievement and an interest
        in pursuing a baccalaureate degree and/or a career in a STEM field.
WORK EXPERIENCE
    MassBay Community College, Wellesley, MA                              Feb, 2017-Present
        Computer Science tutor
            Assisted and helped many students with their programs
        iCreate TA
            Assisted highschool students in designing, developing and debugging their robots.
            Robots were programed and controlled using python and raspberry pi
            Robots controlled remotely
        IT Help Desk                                                                              September 2016-June 2018
            Support students with general computer and networking issues.
            Help setup and deploy over 300 plus computer desktop machines for MassBay faculty and students.
    UPS, Los Angeles, CA                                                                        September, 2010-September, 2015
        Package Handler
            Responsible for early setup which consisted of arriving to work early before the supervisors to setup my work area as well as my fellow employees.
            Trained myself to scan, sort, and correct parcel address information based on knowledge of specific industry logistics and the local region.
            Supervised and trained new employees, managing loading dock consisting of 8 employees and over 25 trucks.
            Assisted in the delivery/pick-up of low and high priority and value.
Joshua Shilts
    Highly motivated
    Computer Science
    student seeking a
    technical internship
    in object oriented
    programming. Interested
    in applying new skills
    and efficiency expertise
    to positively contribute
    to the company while
    gaining valuable industry
    experience.
Contact Info
    Joshua_Shilts@student.uml.edu
    (781)-290-3262